The new main bus station is in Kantafig, near Port Gruz and the Tudjman bridge, 2.5km northwest of the Old Town. Local bus 7 operates between this station and Babin kuk, and bus 1 serves Old Town.
Direct buses run to/from [Zagreb, Croatia] (200 kuna, 11 hours, 7 daily), Korcula (100 kuna, 3 hours, 1 daily), Mostar (100 kuna, 3 hours, 2 daily), Orebic (100 kuna, 2.5 hours, 1 daily), Rijeka (400 kuna, 12 hours, 3 daily), Sarajevo (160 kuna, 5 hours, 1 daily), [Split, Croatia] (100-150 kuna, 4.5 hours, 14 daily), [Zadar, Croatia](Zagreb, Croatia] (200 kuna, 11 hours, 7 daily), Korcula (100 kuna, 3 hours, 1 daily), Mostar (100 kuna, 3 hours, 2 daily), Orebic (100 kuna, 2.5 hours, 1 daily), Rijeka (400 kuna, 12 hours, 3 daily), Sarajevo (160 kuna, 5 hours, 1 daily), [Split, Croatia] (100-150 kuna, 4.5 hours, 14 daily), [Zadar, Croatia) (200 kuna, 8 hours, 7 daily). In the high season, there is also a daily bus leaving at 11AM going to the Montenegro cities of Herceg Novi, Bar, Kotor, and Budva.
When coming by bus from Split or cities further north, police officers may board the bus and you may be asked for a valid identity document when crossing the Neum corridor which belongs to Bosnia and Herzegovina. While the bus companies list trip duration of approx. 4 hours, be prepared for a ride of closer to 5.5-6 hours, including Bosnian border checks.
When traveling into Montenegro and the Airport sit on the right hand side (not behind driver) for best views, and vice-versa for the return. Traveling to Bosnia, sit on the left hand side (behind the driver) for best views.
A departure listing for the international bus station is available at the website of the city bus operator: [2](2)
On all intercity buses you pay a separate fee of €2 or 10 kuna to the driver for luggage. So keep some change ready.

